If you're worried that AI will interfere with your teaching, that people will cheat in your classes, or, you know, that it will eliminate creativity in writing or anything that makes your job or your industry more difficult. I know it sounds absurd at first, but think about it for a moment. Every time a new technology has appeared on the scene, we've had to raise the bar. And I talk about this in almost every video I make, wherever you are, if you get a tool that makes what you do easier, allowing you to maintain quality with higher volume or improve quality with the same volume , then you should raise the bar. Any technology based on that concept has raised the bar, or at least forced us to raise it, right? To go beyond what we were capable of and reach higher goals because we are saving time elsewhere . That is exactly what we must do in education. Education needs to evolve. If you teach courses, if you're at a university, if you're worried that AI makes your class too easy, well, then your class is too easy. That's the simple problem. The problem is not AI. The problem is not that students cheat. That has existed and will continue to be a reality for a long time. The problem is that your classes now need to be more creative, more challenging. The responsibility will fall on the teachers and educators. And I'm not just referring to university. That's the aspect, the niche, the direction, and the perspective from which I speak because that's where I spend a large part of my life. However, if you are in any form of education or teaching, or in any industry where AI is taking over, you shouldn't be worried, upset, afraid, or angry about it. You should be angry because your industry hasn't raised the bar yet. That's what's already happening in the programming industry. That is what happens in many freelance writing industries and professional sectors; People are accepting that AI exists and it is now becoming a requirement. If you're not using it, you 're simply not doing enough. It's that simple. This has happened in the academic field on multiple occasions. Let's go back to the calculator example, shall we? Most people did not use a calculator. When the calculator was introduced , most people were probably annoyed by it. I mean, think about it carefully. Many of you and those older than me were told that you wouldn't have a calculator in your pocket when you grew up. Well, that didn't age very well. In fact, I use the calculator and many more advanced technologies in my pocket every day. That doesn't devalue mathematics. It simply means we don't have to waste time doing standard equations on paper or doing other things so we can invest our time in another activity. Now, for some people, that meant not putting so much effort into math, and for others, it will seem like they are lazier, when in reality, well, it's because (a) it's not what they wanted to do, or (b) the person who doesn't spend so much time on that specific math problem may be solving much bigger ones. And that's exactly what happened. Many of the amazing things we do today would n't be possible without the calculator. Simply put , we generated much more value with that tool than was lost with it. The internet did this too, right? Classes, courses, people everywhere would get really annoyed if you used Google for a job. I'm sure you could find countless online quotes about people discussing internet use in the classroom. I'm sure you can find many that discuss the calculator in the classroom. And you can certainly find many about AI in the classroom. The difference is that over time everything we use daily becomes essential. And regardless of whether you think it should be or not, you need to pay less attention to the tool and more to how you can make that tool improve your classroom, your education, your course, or whatever it is you 're doing. To delve even deeper into this, look at how we do academic work. Previously, Google used to be an add-on, something digital that generated discussions, the idea of using the internet to find sources and citations. Again, the same thing. What happened was not an elimination or a discarding of the internet, but a greater application of it and, therefore, an increase in the level of demand. If you don't use the internet at work, it's almost impossible to attend university. There is a very, very low probability. It's still possible, but it would be extremely difficult with the course load, what's expected of you, and the deadlines for getting all the citations, sources, research, writing, and work necessary to be able to submit an assignment. TRUE? Before Google, it was expected to take some time to find sources. You were expected to go to the library, find your book and read it, something you can still do today to complement your work. It hasn't disappeared, has it? I still love going to the library to find books, but I also love being able to go on JSTOR or Sage Journals, search for an academic article, and find things. The difference is that we found a way to make it more agile, to adapt it to the classroom, but more importantly, we made the classes more difficult. You are expected to be able to use the internet not just to obtain an item, but to obtain the right items; to use it properly; To be able to go and not just search for a random article on Google and find something on Wikipedia, but to be able to explore, find sources, research databases, whether it's JStore, Sage, any of these other journal access points, Google Scholar, right? You are taught it and experience it as something basic. Regardless of your degree, and regardless of where you obtained it, you will be taught how to use the internet appropriately to complete your career. All that addition also created something easier. TRUE? In that transition period where people were saying, oh, to have Google in the classroom, not to have it, the people who were using it were exponentially faster and better at what they wrote. They were creating articles in half the time. And they were able to get books for little or no cost, with little or no effort, yet still obtaining amazing quality. And now they were able to do them faster. So what ended up happening is that, instead of punishing them, they were simply expected to be capable of doing that. You are now expected to be able to write a paper very quickly. You are expected to be able to type, use the internet, and do all these things much faster. And not only that, it is expected that the knowledge within them will be greater. Fifty years ago, what you would do as a high school senior is pretty much elementary school now, right? What is expected of a high school student, what is expected of a college freshman, is much more challenging on another level, especially in all areas, than if you went back 30 or 40 years. Even 100 years ago, many people were still illiterate, right? The basic level has slowly risen as technology and access to that technology have increased. AI is the next step in raising that standard. If all students use AI and are expected to , if all teachers and all professionals use some kind of extensive language model or machine learning, we won't get stuck at the starting point simply by being lazy. No, we're going to create something beyond that . This is how humans work . And the first step towards that is education. How do we educate people to go beyond that basic level? Well, we have to evaluate them, motivate them, or teach them about it . And how is that done? Raising the bar to achieve it. The 400-level university classes, the senior classes, the quality of work you expect from senior students , will now drop to freshmen and sophomores. I remember talking to a senior educator at one of the universities I work with, and she was very far removed from the field of AI. He hasn't learned much about the subject, even though he 's very bright. This does not mean that it is outdated or lagging behind or anything like that. No, it's not that, it's just that I hadn't had that much training in it, right? Which is fine. She has been in the industry; She has a lot of work and many things to keep her busy. And, to her credit, she contacted me to learn about it with me. She was not only a senior lecturer, she also taught classes, and one of her subjects was syntax and grammar. And she was very worried that, "Will we no longer be teaching grammar classes ?" And I explained to her: "It's not that grammar is being sidelined, it's that the baseline level you should expect as a university professor has now been raised." I asked him what his most advanced level class was and he explained that it was a detailed class on grammatical structure. She is a linguist and analyzes how this intricate web of words shapes each other. She's basically the writers' scientist, right ? A truly amazing perspective. And I tried to show him that now that science is even more important, because you need to understand how AI is doing that. What's the difference between an article written by AI or one that hasn't gone through a long process of personal input, compared to one that has a distinct tone and is very specific, right? You need to be able to observe the true grammatical differences. Now, it's not just about basic grammar, is it? It's not just an elementary grammar class. Your elementary grammar lesson should be: " Okay, here's a grammatically perfect piece of work because I used my AI to correct all the basic problems." How do I shape the nuances? Where is the creative writing? And this applies to all forms of writing today. I assured him that his 400-level class should now be a freshman class. You should be expected to learn those high-level nuances. And she lit up. She was so happy because she realized at that moment, and so did I , that this was an opportunity to teach what we are truly passionate about. We are taking what the experts learn and leveling it down , so that the next experts, whom we see as the ultimate experts, are being demoted because of AI and other technologies, because most people can now do what many of them do. This does not mean that an ordinary person is equivalent to someone with a doctorate. That's not what I 'm saying. I say that people who pursue undergraduate academic studies, who are genuinely interested and have real passion, can dedicate the same effort and time to reach the levels we considered expert a decade ago. TRUE? What an average university student can do with artificial intelligence tools correctly, when taught to use them in the same way we learned to use Google or the calculator, allows them to reach that level and, therefore, be evaluated at that level. Our academic education is being driven by AI, not facilitated. And again, you always hear me emphasize this in many videos, but it's a concept we need to understand. It's a perspective I always speak from, which is education, but it also applies to business. Um, to use a programming example: you take a line of Python code; It 's actually executing hundreds and hundreds of lines of code from other lower-level languages, right? It's built on this pyramid of previously created innovations and languages, right? Before, you had to know all this machine language and the next level to be able to write just a couple of lines of code, but because of what came before, because of the technologies that brought both things together. Someone who hasn't spent that much time doing this can do everything that was considered expert work for a novice, right? As a basic Python programmer, you're controlling thousands of lines of machine code. You are controlling transistors. To make it even simpler, by simply using your mouse or touching a screen, you are interacting with hundreds and hundreds of lines of code , transistors, and things like that. That would have been impossible for most people 100 years ago, and barely possible 20 years ago. But now we all do it because it's easy. And now, it's not just easy, it's something we look forward to. The same thing is happening with programming. The next language on the list is these machine learning models . Now, the best programmers are not just those who know how to program in Python. It is someone capable of using English to tell these programs, these extensive language models , machine learning from a coding perspective, to program for them and, obviously, to edit and redo things. The next layer or language is this machine learning language, right? Imagine you have this pyramid: the machine learning language and then you have the standards, you know, Python and C. Well, technically C can also be an intermediary, but I digress. Uh, then you have your other intermediary languages. Then you have your machine languages. And technically, there are even more complicated breakdowns within them . But again, you have this pyramid. But originally, when you started with that first technology, that machine language was the top of the pyramid. And now it's the base of the pyramid. It is the foundation of our base, of our house of knowledge. The same thing happens in education. What used to be the pinnacle of education, us learning about, you know, various things. Being able to write articles , right? Being able to write on a sheet of paper was a great achievement. To be able to use and grind ink and use a pen, you had to do all those other things. But the emergence of new technologies, innovations, and knowledge allowed almost everyone to write, which led to almost everyone being able to read with the printing press. Now everyone could have a book. Now everyone, many more people could print books faster, have access to them, which meant that more people had access, so we had to raise the bar. Now everyone is expected to know how to read. Previously, it was not expected that you could read. Now yes. You weren't expected to know math, but after the calculator, it's better that a six-year-old can multiply 2287 by 21 because they can put it in there. Yes, they're not physically performing the operation , but they're getting the answer so they can now dedicate time to whatever that answer required. I don't have to program my word processor to be able to write in a Word document. Someone has already given me the technology to do that. So now I can spend my time writing or doing whatever creative thing I'm good at, instead of having to rely on all these other things and be an expert in 20 other things, which means I'm now expected to do them. That's what we need to change. Again, this is another change in mindset. I always bring up changes in mindset and paradigm shifts in these videos, but it's super important. Using these tools depends almost entirely on how you look at them. And that's true for tools in general, not just AI. Changing how you see things, how you use things, will allow you to do them and achieve much better results. And one of the best mindset changes we can have right now is simply the fact that we need to make school more difficult. We need to raise the bar. And I don't mean more difficult in the sense of, oh, give them more work, all that. I'm referring to critical thinking, the level of knowledge you're talking about. To give an example, if you're worried that your students will use AI in your recent English exam, well, then make it more challenging. Have them use AI there or, better yet, reverse it. My mother is a teacher in her classroom. He often sits there and tells them to take the topic and write three essays on it and just let it generate. And then the grade, the exam, consists of finding what could be improved in the essays, rewriting them, comparing them, seeing what those instructions did and why they did it that way. You are learning the high-level structure , the nuances that an editor would normally do because now you are able to create and have the foundation. However, there may be a disconnect there. You might say, well, they still need to learn how to write. They need to go through the writing process. Yes and no. They need to change their approach, do the writing themselves, see what good writing is, but that's what you 're showing them. That's what you 're teaching them. You are explaining what good writing is. But they know, most of them know what sounds good , what sounds right, especially if they go to university for it. We don't expect them to do it because that used to be a challenge. It used to be difficult to have a complete document that you could read and edit, that was your own personal writing or something like that. But now I can quickly get two or three exact pages on the subject with my own quotes. Now you have the opportunity to see good writing, or at least decent writing, and improve it. You can see it's everywhere, right? It is hoped that you will be able to find those sources faster or have a completed job sooner. So now you are expected to have that knowledge faster and sooner. And it's true. I know many people who have become better writers . And I will put some studies below that show that this is not just my opinion and observation. This is something that has been peer-reviewed and is academic. The more people use AI , specifically students to help with their writing, in a broad way where they try to do more with it instead of just copying and pasting, the better writers they become when they don't use AI. And I've noticed it personally, haven't I? You can read the articles, you can take that. But, personally, I like to analyze every aspect of what really happens to me. Since I started using various language models to help me write or draft lengthy things, my process of writing, reading, editing, and changing allowed me to find a better individual tone . It allowed me to see where I sound generic because I see generic writing over and over again, and then I start to reject it and see the connections. I've reached the point where I no longer need an AI detector to know if someone used it. And many teachers are also starting to notice this. Generic writing is what predominates in the world today. Generic academic articles, generic things. They have a standard flow and an established style. The best work is that which goes further, that which delves into passions, creativity, and understanding. That's what truly shapes and highlights. And if you constantly edit to achieve that, then you are relearning the most important part of writing, which is individual tone and its nuances. If you can get there faster, if you can write a complete generic paper about your concept, imagine what you can do now. Now you can write many more works or expect more from those works. In other words, the norm now is that you must have perfect grammar. You must have perfect spelling. Why aren't you using AI, Grammarly, and all that stuff in that regard? If you expect all your students to use AI, then you should expect them all to have perfect grammar. So maybe you'll take off more points for that, or, you know, complain more about it, and so on. Now you're rating what makes the work more individual. Now you're grading, searching, or trying to create, again, if we don't look at the grading if you're not a teacher who sees this. But now you're looking for ways to make this work sound like me. How do I bring out its nuances? How do I explain it better? And how do I use a more precise or efficient language than even what AI did or what I would have done in the past? It's raising the bar, taking it to a completely different level. These tools, these technologies made it easier and enabled more people to do what previously only experts could do. But that doesn't mean we've reached a ceiling and everyone will be discarded. No, it means that now the experts need to be better and they will be, and they are already striving for it, because that's how it works. That means we're raising the bar. If the bar is raised for first-year students and undergraduates, it means the bar will be raised again for postgraduate programs and even doctoral theses, meaning the work we'll see experts do using a base level of what AI does now will be out of this world. I can't even imagine some of them. As I said, the video I made about my work accepted for publication in which I used AI is a perfect example. I was a university student when I wrote it, and yes, I'm singing my own praises, but I read that work and think, "This is, this is practically graduate school work." And now I'm working towards postgraduate studies, so I can compare it. But this raises the question: well, if that's what an undergraduate student can do with graduate work, then why don't we expect and demand that level for graduate work? What, what's the bar for that now? And that's the beautiful part: you shouldn't have to worry about this taking anything away or this tool ruining the school ; You should be thinking about how to expand it. How can you bring the expert level to those students ? How can you make it more challenging, more creative, and more individualized for those students? Now, before I go off on another tangent, I think it's important to note that there are many ways you can already do this. There are many resources, tools, and concepts that teachers are already implementing. Again, my entire community, the " quantum coil", is based on solving this . What can we do? What are the problems with this? How do we solve those problems? I'm trying to get teachers across the country to be a part of this, to try it out and immerse themselves in it. Which, again, if you're interested, please click on the link below and submit your application. The whole idea is that we need to work together now. We must focus on the students. We must dedicate ourselves to the important part of school more than ever. Instead of just meeting requirements and ensuring those generic things that almost anyone can do; The reason why boys get bored, the reason why we get bored, is because it's become easy. It's because it has become something highly anticipated. And if it becomes easy and expected, we shouldn't blame the use of new tools that make it even simpler. We should blame ourselves for not raising the bar, for not raising the ceiling. At the end of the day, if we can raise our own capabilities to a level higher than a decade ago, we are making good progress. And that's what we need to do now within education. If you're not looking for ways to create the foundations of AI, seeing it from the perspective that almost everyone will use it, and how to improve it, how to raise that bar and bring the concepts closer to expertise, you 're not doing your best job as a teacher, professor, educator, or professional. And that's what I'm really trying to show you here. And by showing that, I realize that I'll need to make a thousand more videos to explain the nuances and complexity on my own. I can't sit here and say "be better, make it difficult, do more" if I don't do the same and don't offer a helping hand. Just like the example I gave about my mother in her classroom, I have many more and I've been learning from many teachers about how they are using it in class. I really see the value in changing my mindset and delving deeper into this. I see a big problem in the educational community that is not just about AI, but about education in general. I would love to see it evolve. So, with that said, I'd like to ask you to subscribe, like, share, and all that. I just want this to reach other teachers, other educators, other people, and other students to see if we can raise the bar ourselves, because it's really going to depend on us. So, as always, have a good day everyone.