Howdy, partner. &gt;&gt; Hey. &gt;&gt; How you doing? &gt;&gt; I'm doing well. You? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm good. I'm good. We're live again for the watering hole. &gt;&gt; Here we are. Yep. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Back again. About to celebrate 250. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; As as settlers here in in America. &gt;&gt; I was going to say 250 years ago. She doesn't look a day over 240. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I don't There's a lot more concrete than there was 250 years ago. Yep. You got to get back to it. &gt;&gt; we're trying to change that out in the country here. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Good for you. I should join you. Speaking of joining us, um just real quick, we've got a distinguished guest, so I'm going to let you introduce her, but I just just to kind of create some symmetry, since I don't have a cowboy hat, at least one that looks good on me, I've got my daughter's um college represented here. So, that's why I'm wearing the T-shirt today. So. &gt;&gt; So so like you, and I think the rest of the family, your your daughter is in the fine arts, right? She's uh &gt;&gt; mu- musically talented as well as uh a- artistic as well? Is she artistically ta- &gt;&gt; Well uh well, she is. I mean, she's going into performing arts, so she's her artistry is um she is a singer-songwriter in addition to wanting to perform on stage. Her dream is to be on Broadway in musicals. She would probably settle for just being in the ensemble, but I think I'd love to see her take center stage at least once. Um but we'll see. So, she's just completed a freshman year, and she's working on her reel and all all stuff. So. &gt;&gt; Has has she written any songs that you've produced? &gt;&gt; No, but she wrote a song that my brother just produced, who's been on our podcast in the past. He's a professional, um, and it sounds great. It's called 60% chance. It's going to be coming out this summer. Um, it's about being in Michigan in April, and, um, lamenting the fact that there's a 60% chance of snow. And in April. And I we're not here to talk about my daughter, but, um, she relates that to a relationship that should be coming to life in the spring, but she can tell that there's a 60% chance that it's going nowhere. And I I thought it's so real. I get chills just thinking about it. It's so awesome. So, her name is performing name is Jillian Louise. So, look her up. She's got a song out now, Jillian Louise, um, and another song coming out this summer. &gt;&gt; Why don't Why don't we just put that in the show notes, cuz today sounds like a day where we're bragging about daughters, which is always a good thing. I mean, dads who get to brag about their daughters is is pretty cool. &gt;&gt; We just passed Father's Day, so let's keep the momentum rolling. &gt;&gt; We sure did, and, uh, this past Father's Day I got to celebrate Brooke here. Um, we had a graduation party, so Brooke is now graduated from high school. Welcome to the show, Brooke. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Welcome back to the show, Al Most. This is Bull Horns and Bull's Eye season 3 has been all about repeat guests, and Brooke was sort of a a last-minute party crasher on our podcast. Was that season 1? &gt;&gt; It was season 1. We I'm trying to remember, uh, we were sort of talking about oceans, right? Wasn't it kind of an oceans, color, fire, um, Terry Bean. That's who we had on the show. &gt;&gt; Terry Bean. Good memory. Nice. &gt;&gt; And Terry Bean was instituting something new, which you and I could sort of relate to. We've been in the workplace for a number of years and um yeah, we've been through these DISC assessments. We've had Mario on. I remember back in back in the day taking uh my first StrengthsFinder. Do you ever do StrengthsFinder? &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Gallup Gallup That's one of the number one selling business books, I think of all time. &gt;&gt; Yep. And I know you're Go ahead. I was going to say that we share a Myers-Briggs profile as well, you and I, which is crazy. INTJ Yeah, we're INTJ. I thought they were &gt;&gt; INTP. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. All right. We'll get We'll let consult the expert here in a moment, but yeah. &gt;&gt; We're about to. &gt;&gt; Yes. [laughter] &gt;&gt; But we're close and she'll be able to explain the difference between that J and that P. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um Okay, so &gt;&gt; be some difference. We're like polar opposites. The way our brains are wired, so &gt;&gt; Yep. Well, and so you know, I've in my career it started with sort of StrengthsFinder, Marcus Buckingham. I discovered Marcus Buckingham. He's got some some great books here. First, Break All the Rules. Now, Discover Your Strengths. I mean, these were all in the early 2000s. It was really a time in my career where I was like trying to figure out how to be a better performer, but it was also when I was trying to figure out how to assemble better teams. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Right? And um he came out with this video series that was called The Trombone Player. And in that Trombone Player, he sort of like breaks down this myth that like you as an individual need to be a team member, &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; and that that that teams need to sort of like be like each other, basically. Like the high-performing teams all had the same specialty. And I think a really good example for me, having grown up in Chicago in the '90s, which was the greatest &gt;&gt; say &gt;&gt; it. Don't say it. I grew up in the Jordan years. &gt;&gt; Jesus. They are engraved to my heart. Um &gt;&gt; And And we stole one of the greats from the Pistons. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Which was &gt;&gt; Dennis Rodman. &gt;&gt; Dennis Rodman. And was Dennis Rodman anything like Michael Jordan or Scotty Pippen or Steve Kerr or Horace Grant or Bill Cartwright? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah, none of those guys, right? He I mean, he was an animal on the court. He wasn't a good shooter. He couldn't couldn't make a free throw to save his life. But man, could he defend? Could he rebound? I mean, he was like all heart. Right? &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; And they just assembled the best most diverse team and they played to each other's strengths on the court. I mean, it was phenomenal to watch and I mean, I I probably watched almost every single game through throughout those six championship seasons. And so, I started relating that to how I was assembling teams and in the agency world, we do have a lot of different disciplines, don't we? &gt;&gt; Yeah, for sure. &gt;&gt; We got creatives. We've got the analytical people. We've got the developers that are developing. And And Um you know, I was really thinking about &gt;&gt; Just real quick, within creatives, there's multiple disciplines because there's writers like me and then there's graphic designers like Dan. I have no eye for what he does. I could see what it works and when it doesn't. But I can't visualize uh creating something from whole cloth. He can. &gt;&gt; So, I had some foundation from my college years. I took a few psychology classes. I little learned a little bit about Freud and Young. Carl Young. And uh were kind of the I would say the founders, right? Of modern psychology and my modern psychoanalysis. And you know, they kind of laid the groundwork for us. Um Well, about 5 years ago, we're up north in the summertime, and here's my, you know, 12-year-old or 13-year-old, I don't remember how old you were at the time, Brooke, but she's asking all of us to take personality profiles. I think that they were like, "Will you take these tests?" Like, she's not maybe now at an age where she's starting to make sense of the world and starting to make sense of how we all work together as a family. &gt;&gt; Starting to make sense of who do I ask for ice cream, mom or dad? &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Dad, definitely dad. &gt;&gt; And why do I get different answers when I ask one versus the other, right? &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Um So, tell me about that, Brooke. Tell me about the time, you know, where where were you at at that point in time of like your discovery of uh personality profiling and what what brought you into this and how did you get interested in it? &gt;&gt; Yeah, for me it all started with my friend Becca, who we were all avid writers at the time. We met each other in a creative writing group at school. And she had heard it mentioned as basically a way of identifying how a character should develop. Because cognitive function shows like your natural blind spots and your weaknesses. And while a lot of tests do this at just a superficial level, we actually go into like the roots of your issues and how you're thinking. And so, it was, you know, how can you make your character develop in those areas and improve. And she thought it was really interesting and she learned the theory behind it and then very patiently taught that to me. And so, I you know, got super interested. I convinced my whole family to take the test. I still remember like around the porch at our house up north. I'm like begging them. &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; And so, it definitely helped me at that time to understand why people are different. Like, why is my mom so task-oriented when I could not do that for the life of me, and why is my sister such a people person, that kind of thing. And so, 3 years passed, I sort of forgot about it, and then 2 months ago, I was really wondering like, you know, I'm graduating high school, I'm really mentally exhausted, and I had so many issues and just questions about like how the world works. Like, why don't I understand how people think differently? And I'm very naturally curious person, so I wanted to figure that out. And so, I got back into cognitive functions and personality, and I spent like all of my free time relearning everything, going much deeper than I had before. Uh I read Isabel Briggs Myers' original book, Gifts Differing, from 1980, and I started applying it to all these questions I had, and it's helped me a lot. So, I've been starting to use that in more things like AI, and I found it can be so helpful for everything from your team building to self like developing yourself, and even, you know, putting it into more technical and practical fields. &gt;&gt; Tom, have you ever done anything like that? Cuz you you're an author, you've written a couple books. I've I've read them. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; You know, how did you how did you I don't know what's the word, like type your characters? &gt;&gt; Archetype them? Um well, I can't give it all away because that would give away the twist endings. Um I've never As she was saying this, I was thinking, oh, shame on me, I've never done that level of depth with my character archetyping. Um I should. Maybe I do, though. You know what, though? I don't do it in the formal way, and I've never been trained on this like Brooke has, but I go on long walks, and I think about, all right, I can't just create a flat character that is predictable and that has nothing interesting, and I start in my mind like becoming one of the characters until I figure out, well, what would motivate this person? What Why would they do what they're doing? And so, I'm assuming there's some of that in this Brooke, there's like motivations or um explain what it is that you when we talk about cognitive functions, what is the root of it? Is it motivations? Is it world views? Is it impulses? Is it logical thinking? &gt;&gt; So, it's really exactly what you were saying and you know, we getting characters' heads and we try and figure out what they think and this gives us a way to formalize that and to actually put it into words. And so, it goes really deep mostly into just how you take in information and what you decide to do with that. So, then we can figure out how they get their world views, not just what they are and how they make decisions, not just the decisions they've made, which makes it very helpful for consistency in creating something really realistic and relatable. &gt;&gt; And that's what we were talking earlier Brooke about the difference between DISC and MBTI or these these other ones and and so, explain that if you could really quick. Like cuz a lot of people who are going to watch this, they've they've done some sort of assessment likely in the workplace &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; and when we talk cognitive functions, it's actually something different, isn't it? &gt;&gt; Yes. So, most personality tests, you're just looking at how people present themselves. So, you can say someone's extroverted or introverted or they usually talk in like logical or emotional ways, whether someone is confident or anxious. And that's in like OCEAN, DISC, um 16 Personalities, which is one of the versions of MBTI. And that can be really useful for understanding people at a surface level, but it doesn't really show us how they think. It doesn't help us relate to other people very well. And so, cognitive functions started with Carl Jung and then was expanded on by um Katherine and Isabel Briggs Myers, who were mother and daughter. And they wanted to figure out like it was World War II, women were going into the workplace. How do we understand other people in this changing world? And how do we see how people think so that we can tailor that world to them? And so it really goes into you know, what's deeper than surface level? What aren't we always showing that's going on in our brains? &gt;&gt; Right, so the internal versus the external. We're always looking at the external in the workplace, but like what what is it behind that person that they're not showing? Like how do you get to that level that's more of that? Maybe even subconscious. It's somewhat subconscious and not even revealed often, but because that processing of information is happening in their brain and you can't see it, right? Curtis, I'll speaking of brains, I know eventually we want to get to how this can be and should be applied to AI. You mentioned that Brooke. Um so I don't want to, you know, pull the curtain back too fast if if it's not appropriate, but people have asked you Curtis as you're building your AI and you've contested that it should have not only a head, but a chest and a gut. So this goes back to your readings of C.S. Lewis, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Because somebody said what AI shouldn't have a soul, but like I know soul is different than cognitive, but it's it's rooted in the same. So so do you want to put the AI question off or do you want to at least touch on that? &gt;&gt; Uh well, I'll at least touch and then uh eventually let Brooke get into the details. I would say from my point of view, um when you're using the models, right? Everything's sort of based on language, cuz that's what they are. They're They're language learning models. It All the model is doing is assembling words. You know, you ask it a question, it's assembling words and taking those words and giving you back that answer. Well, so how does it assemble those words? Well, there's there's sort of like math and science behind that assembly that is putting those words together and then, you know, providing that answer. So, I asked my question, well, what is what is the judgment layer that says these are the appropriate and right words to present for that specific individual based on their query. And I think as we start to tie that back to cognitive functions here, it's that at least surface level from my perspective, number one, I process information, say, different than you, Tom. So, the presented the the presentation of that information by the LLM, I'd want to consume that information different than you. But, you know, if you log into ChatGPT, I log into ChatGPT, at least initially, right? It It doesn't understand who the user is. It tries to over time. It saves to memory. But, unless you're giving it direct feedback, how does it know? So, my first thing was like, well, what if I put my own profile in my user profile? I tell the AI, this is how I like to process information. I want factual, I want it direct, or do I want to explore ideas, you know, different things like that. It eventually got to a second level, which I'll let Brick tell the story. Um where where then I was working on agent development, which is to say, the agent itself or even um specialized agents, just like I have specialized team members. Like, if I'm going to create an AI version of Dennis Rodman, God, please don't. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; It'd be quite the animal, wouldn't it? It'd be a very colorful &gt;&gt; to North Korea every 10 seconds, you know, so. &gt;&gt; It'd be a very colorful uh an energetic AI. Um but yeah, I I think you know, if I were to create a creative agent that's going to be creating graphics versus a copywriting agent versus one that I want to do SEO work, how they process information, not just the outputs, again. How I want it to ingest the information I'm providing it is different. And so, let's Before we go to that though, Brooke, are are there more details about So, cuz I think when we say cognitive functions and we're we're saying there's this difference between them, what what are they exactly? Like when we say cognitive functions, what is it? &gt;&gt; Yeah, do you want me to put up the slideshow? &gt;&gt; Yeah, go ahead. &gt;&gt; Okay. Here we go. So, basically, it comes down to two things that we do, perceiving and judging. And so, perceiving is taking in any new information. And we take We all take in two different kinds of information, of which is for sensing, which is anything tangible and concrete, um and it's usually, you know, things we pick up with the five senses and any like information that's very clear. And then intuitive, which is more what's implied. So, it's abstract information, it's implications, including patterns, connections, meanings, and possibilities. So, all information can sort of go into those two categories. And then we also have to decide what to do with that information, which involves thinking, which focuses on logic and analysis, asking what makes the most sense, and feeling, which is more about values and human impact, and asks what matters most here. So, we do all four of these things. &gt;&gt; I'm glad, by the way, that I asked the question about AI when I did, because this is what Curtis, you just said that you are trying to create agents. You do all of these. How do you take in in the information? What's the judgment layer? And what do I do about it? So, very interesting. &gt;&gt; Mhm. And so, all of this gets further divided into two categories, and this is where it gets slightly complicated. Um everything has an attitude. So, it's either external or internal. Uh sometimes people call these by other terms. I like this because it simplifies it. So, you have difference between, for example, external and internal sensing. So, external sensing explores tangible details and facts without adding abstract meaning. And I can put this uh link in the show notes. It's in the slides. Um but I found an amazing source with descriptions online, so we're going to use some of those. Um if an SE user sees an apple, they might think, "This apple is red. It's shiny. It has a bunch of dots on it. Tastes good. It smells good. When I bite into it, it makes this crunching sound." So, you know, less of what they're actually saying, but in general, they're looking at the tangible details, the things right in front of them, and right away, they're not adding any meaning to that. They're just taking life as as it is. Which contrasts with internal sensing, which might see the apple and go, "This apple reminds me of going apple picking with my dad, or when I baked an apple pie with my grandma. It looks a little different from other apples. Something is off about it." So, you have this comparison to past experience and past data. &gt;&gt; Huh. &gt;&gt; And so, everyone does one or the other. We, in general only use the external version of the internal version of any given function. So, for example, me and my sister both use external sensing, whereas my dad and my mom use internal sensing. &gt;&gt; So, is that why I'm an I? Is that internal? &gt;&gt; That comes in later and I have the letter code at the end. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Usually what we do is if you're typing either person or an agent or yourself looking at, you know, which of these do I relate to? How do I think I think? Um it's difficult with tests because you have a lot of preconceived bias of, you know, how do I think I behave? Whereas this, I mean, people spend like weeks just typing themselves because it goes a lot deeper than how we present ourselves. And then external intuition explores many abstract possibilities. So, we're moving more into, you know, what's not tangible. And it usually works outward from one detail or thing. So, it's sort of like a firework spanning out from the inside to multiple different possibilities. So, this one's a little harder to explain. Uh but they might see an apple and think, well, apple, that's a fruit like Fruit Loops and Fruit Loops have Toucan Sam like Sam-I-Am who's from Green Eggs and Ham which is Dr. Seuss. Oh, do you think Dr. Seuss liked apples? Hey, you know, if I turn this apple over and use two popsicle sticks and some glue, I can make it look like a lady with a dress. And if there are atoms in apples and atoms in celery, do you think I could rearrange the atoms in celery to make an apple? So, Dad, you do this a lot. Uh it's not random, but it seems that way because they're making connections very clear in their head, but from the outside it just looks like they're connecting completely random things which makes them very fun people to talk to. &gt;&gt; He does do that a lot. &gt;&gt; Yeah, well, I and in Strengthfinders, this is where this is fun for me because I I studied StrengthFinder's a lot. I'm a relater. Right? So, that's just how I make sense of the world. I like to relate things. And so, Brooke's explained, "Well, that's because you have this Is it the external intuition, Brooke? Is it the NE? Is that the one you're explaining?" &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And then internal intuition, on the other hand, might see the apple and think, "Well, okay, Sarah just gave the teacher an apple in this scenario. I know there's a test next week and there's a sign on the wall that says bonus points are available on the test. I know the teacher likes apples, so Sarah most likely brought the teacher an apple to get extra credit on the test. I guess people will try to win someone's favor with a gift when they want something in return. So, you're taking a lot of external information and making one conclusion from that. Um and it's usually still looking at the implications of what it sees and then just finding that one possibility. So, that's what I do. And then we do the same thing with judging functions. So, external thinking versus internal thinking. When it's external, it's usually determining whether determining whether something is valid or invalid based on rules of thumb and it prioritizes efficiency. So, it's that stereotypical like boss telling you, you know, get things done right now based on what works. Um my mom is external thinking is her strongest function. And so, I'm very well acquainted with this one. Um and so, &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Why don't you say how you really feel there, Brooke? &gt;&gt; She a lot. She's a lot of fun. &gt;&gt; isn't watching this episode. &gt;&gt; No, I love it. This is a function I don't have at all, so I'm very grateful for the people who can use it. Um and so, a TE user might look at someone crying and their thought process might be like, "Why are they crying? Okay, it's because of X. Most people who struggle with X improve it by doing Y. Therefore, it's valid for me to share Y conclusion or solution with them right now. So, they're looking at the issue logically and they're looking at sort of your general rule of thumb. Whereas internal thinking, which is my dad's dominant function, determines whether something is logically valid or invalid based on internal logical consistency and it usually prioritizes accuracy over time. So, sort of building an internal framework of logic. So, they might think Um this person is crying. Soothing a person requires emotional intelligence. I struggle with that. This person hates not being soothed. I would like to retain a friendship with this person. Sorry, the dogs are barking. And I should say something to show my support in order to keep this friendship. I hope you feel better. And so, you have their personal experience, the personal personal rules they've come up with and going through those to get a conclusion. It's very precise. And thinking functions focus more on logic than in interpersonal harmony, but that doesn't mean that someone using those functions is poor at that. Um and same with the feeling functions doesn't necessarily mean you're a super emotional person. Uh external feeling determines whether something is morally right or wrong based off of rules of thumb. So, similar to extroverted thinking um they might think Normally, when people are hurt, they just want support and a shoulder to cry on. Therefore, it would be considered good if I hear them out and validate their emotions. So, they're focusing a little more on like the normally or what would be considered good. Um and internal feeling, on the other hand, determines whether something is morally right or wrong based on their internal or personal values. So, they might think, well, I've been through similar situation before. When I was sad, I wanted someone to listen to me and give me advice. It would be a good thing to do that for my friend now because I want them to feel better. So, it's a little bit more personal and more subjective. So, does that make at least a bit of sense? &gt;&gt; It does to me. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; So, &gt;&gt; It can be hard to follow along, especially when she gets into the pairs and now you're dealing with lettering. But, there's There's a point to this, which is good. Is Is that there's Like, these are complex subjects, but &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; they've um you know, written these down as basically like shorthand. And I think this is what I eventually want to connect for people as like this this shorthand can be used um because behind the shorthand is a very nuanced and sort of complicated I don't know, what would you say, Brooke? It's like a, you know, architecture. It's a thinking and and perceiving style. So. &gt;&gt; So, yeah, this is the part you were saying is a little complicated. So, we have four of these functions. Two of them are perceiving and two are judging. And people will disagree on the nuance of that, but in general, it's a good rule. And all functions are going to come in pairs. So, for your perceiving functions, if you perceive sensory information externally, so SE, then you must perceive intuitive information internally. Because otherwise, we'd either be living completely in the outside world or have no ability to interact with the outside world. So, it's a necessity that we have a balance between them. Um and the same for the opposite. If you have external intuition, then you have internal sensing. And then with the judging functions, external thinking goes with internal feeling. And external feeling goes with internal thinking. Because if you only had internal functions, then you would have no ability to relate to the outside world. But if you didn't have internal functions, you'd have zero sense of yourself. So, we put these in a stack based on not what we use most, but what's most natural, what we default to under stress. Usually that's our strongest, but it can definitely change. So, the first one is the hero. It's what's most natural and comfortable. So, for me my hero is internal intuition. So, I'm constantly comparing things to this internal framework of how I understand the world and trying to process information through that. And usually looking at not so much the specific information I see, but I boil that information down to these sort of general rules I can follow of how the world works. So, if I'm, you know, talking with, you know, my AI agent, I want it to be looking at like, how does this impact you know, society and morals and these greater things, rather than the specific information at hand. And then your parent is your second function. It's an assistant or guide for the hero. And so, it's looking at more of, you know, sometimes What am I saying? If the hero is perceiving, the parent will be judging and vice versa. So, it's looking at the opposite realm of information. If the hero is taking things in, the parent has to be doing something with that information. If the hero's always doing something, then the parent must be taking in new information. So, they have to balance each other out. Which is why it's really important for people to develop both. And then the child balances the parent. So, the child's always going to be the other one in your function pair. So, if my parent is extroverted feeling, then my child must be introverted thinking, and they'll even them out it'll even them out and balance them in a healthy person. And then your inferior is going to be a point of weakness or it can be something that we can grow in and it's the opposite in the hero's pair. So it's a lot to remember. And so &gt;&gt; And somehow this uh this 17-year-old high school grad is got it all figured out like it's written on the back of her hand. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Took a lot of work and a lot of patience from my friend. But yeah, do you want me to get into the applications or &gt;&gt; Well, I I do and it it might make sense instead of showing this slide to actually show the experiment we did. What do you think? &gt;&gt; what I did was I I'm not working with anything here really. I've free chat GPT account and this took me 30 minutes using What's your name for A or Dad? &gt;&gt; Lira? &gt;&gt; Yes. No, here's the other one. &gt;&gt; it's Oakley. Yeah, so it was Lira but now it's Oakley. &gt;&gt; No, cuz I have Lira. Is it Stan? &gt;&gt; Stan creates projects. Yeah. Mhm. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So that's what I'm using. And then Ezra who's a agent that I created based off of just what I knew about cognitive functions. And so yeah, 30-minute project. I created two agents that analyze business performance data which is something I know nothing about and look for underlying patterns and causes. So this would be really useful in someone who's you know maybe new to something like the business world but you could apply it to anything. And so I went with slightly different functions for both of them. Um Lira uses external intuition. So you know, taking one thing and coming up with 100 ideas and possibilities off of that. And then internal thinking, which is more of the precise logical framework. And Malachi uses internal intuition. So, taking all the data and boiling it down to one piece of abstract information. And external thinking, which is looking more of those logical rules of thumb and what do we do with this now? And so We have them Did it share? Can you see this? &gt;&gt; No, we're still on your slides. You might have to stop sharing and reshare. &gt;&gt; Think Here we go. That work? &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, we have on the left left side is Wira and on the right side is Malachi. &gt;&gt; We just see the left side, B. &gt;&gt; So, maybe just show one and then you might have to switch to the other. &gt;&gt; I actually think I can fix this. You can totally don't spend a lot of time on podcasts. &gt;&gt; Well, we do see that. &gt;&gt; I know. We can see where you are spending your time, which is fascinating. &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; Okay. Um &gt;&gt; If you do a full share like you did before, B, then you just have to &gt;&gt; Here we go. &gt;&gt; Yep. So, the first one, Wira, more of the you know, brainstormer. First asked me follow-up questions, which you can see the different instructions I gave them, which were just based off of those functions. And I didn't ever tell her to give me follow-up questions, and she did it anyway. Um &gt;&gt; ask real quick ask a question? You gave both agents the same prompt, essentially? &gt;&gt; Yeah, let's slow down, B. So, before the prompt, actually go back to the chat GPT there, B. If you don't mind. So, when you create a project in chat GPT, you can give it instructions. That's basically what makes an agent, right? So, the chat GPT itself is an agent. When you create a project, you're creating a specialized agent. So, that specialized agent makes it so you don't have to provide a huge prompt every single time you go to ask a question. Now, you've got a set of instructions that's always there. The difference that Brooke put into these two prompts or the I'm sorry, the instructions The instructions are identical except for their cognitive functions. And then the prompt itself is 100% identical. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, the only difference between the two is the cognitive function. &gt;&gt; Mhm. And so, I give them both this same starting bit of instruction. So, just this is what your job is. And then I gave my agent who's an expert on cognitive functions just the functions that I wanted each of them to have. And it expanded it into this literally based off of the four letters I gave it. So, we don't have to read through this, but I then did the same thing for my other agent. I named them, helps me remember them. And so, what's really interesting is if you had like a folder system or you know, complex AI and you could just write down in one place, this is what the functions mean. All you'd have to give an agent is what their two strongest functions are and it could work completely off of that. So, you can make this into a really simple system, which is what we did with my dad's agents. &gt;&gt; Cool. Very good. &gt;&gt; So, go back to the experiment there quick, Brooke and and let's show the output. &gt;&gt; So, yeah, we have &gt;&gt; different that it is. &gt;&gt; Same prompt. We start with just from more of the brainstormer all of these observations and then it gives me I think it was five hypotheses on what it could be rates how strong they are and ask me more questions. &gt;&gt; This is the brainstormer agent. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; This is the annoying employee at my former firms like I asked you a couple of them to answer not like come back with a thousand questions and a million possibilities. Right? Anyways. &gt;&gt; Which is why this is so useful because you might like this other one more where it gives me one sentence on what's going on and then it explains step by step what's happening gives me the implications and then tells me exactly what to do now which the brainstormer never did. And so we get same prompt, same initial instructions and then just four letters give us completely different answers. &gt;&gt; That's crazy. And it sounds perfectly in line with the stuff that you explained. Right? &gt;&gt; So totally. So Brooke so recall when I one day so because you said this resurfaced for you two months ago, right? You're like finishing up school here. Um you don't have to share your screen anymore if you don't want. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Um it's unless you had something in your slides you wanted to show. &gt;&gt; No. Do you want me to show your agents? &gt;&gt; Oh sure. Yeah, if you have them. So so I Brooke's Brooke's sort of like revisiting this and I said um Hey Brooke what if cuz I have all these these specialized agents now in my system. I've got cash the copywriter I've got Cassidy our graphic designer. I've got you know Hank which helps us with sales and proposals. I've got Wayne which helps me work through like complex issues in the business, right? So, I've got all these specialized agents. They all have just a set of instructions and maybe skills to do tasks for me behind those. And I was like Brooke's Brooke's talking about it around the house again and she's like typing us. She's making sense of like Well, Mom likes lists because she's a What would you say, Brooke? What's Mom? &gt;&gt; She's an ESTJ is her four letter. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And so, I'm like Mhm. If I had an agent that really liked tasks and wanted to go sequentially through those one by one I would map that agent like Mom. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Right. Or if I want somebody who's more creative &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; Or I was like, "Hey, Brooke, you know Tom a little bit. What would What would What would his type be? And what if we made Cash like Tom?" Because I want him to to be, you know make sense of the world in in a in a storytelling narrative format. What would that look like, right? &gt;&gt; So, let's start with Cash. Go Go ahead, but I want to talk about Cash. &gt;&gt; one night. Brooke, tell tell tell how that went. &gt;&gt; We I just typed up some very basic uh explanations of the functions and I was asking, "Okay, what does this agent do? What does it need to do? How do you want it to think? What do you want it to care about more?" And so, we started going through one by one. I think there were 18 that we typed by the end of the night. Um so, for example, Cash actually ended up being the same functions as me. He's supposed to, you know, produce all the client contents, mostly writing. Anything else on him that's important? &gt;&gt; No, mostly writing. Yep. &gt;&gt; And so, we knew we wanted him to be very focused on what's the underlying message in the branding. What's the main idea that we're trying to get across? And then how do we relate that to our audience? And how do we pull at the heartstrings of the audience? &gt;&gt; Beautiful. &gt;&gt; So, we combine internal intuition, which is looking for that pattern, with external feeling, which is looking for the values and the impact on other people. And then, in sort of contrast, Pike is supposed to just be looking for different like things that the target audience is saying online. And in their exact words, what do they think? It doesn't need to find any meaning behind that. And so, we went with external sensing, which just looks at the real world without adding any meaning right away. And internal feeling, which is looking at the values of the organization, because it needs to see like how does this relate to, you know, what the organization cares about and what our message is. &gt;&gt; Can I react to that real quick, Brooke? Because I think I am most closely wired to cash, right? Which makes sense. I'm a copywriter. And Curtis, if you know anything about me, like I always maintain that you first have to establish truth. What is doctrine? And once it's established, I want to know what it is, because everything I'm going to do is rooted in that underlying pattern, as it says here, right? But what do I say? Like don't look at the mirror, look at a window. And &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You don't You're not talking about yourself. You want to talk about what things mean to the customer or the prospect or the audience. So, like this is another way of saying what I've been saying for 20 years. And it's because I'm wired this way. I mean, I can use the word wired, but then my cognitive functions are this. Yeah. So, I'd be interested to see if I'm a NiFe or whatever the I don't know how you say it, but &gt;&gt; And the four-letter code, because if you look up like 16 personalities or MBTI, they come from this. So, they use the same um four-letter code that I believe it was the Myers-Briggs family that, who came up with this. So, that would be INFJ. Whereas, Cody would be the same as my dad, and very much in line with the IT experience. He's building and troubleshooting WordPress sites, and all sorts of technical things. So, we went with &gt;&gt; broke the four, like this, because, as I said earlier, Curtis and I match up until the fourth letter. So, what is an INT, and where diverges is the P or the J. So, explain that. What is an INT, P or J? &gt;&gt; Let's see. Okay. So, if we look at, again, that function stack, let's say that someone's figured out that their most natural judging function is internal thinking, and their most natural perceiving function is external intuition. And if they could have either of those as their hero, the other one would just be the parent, but let's say internal thinking is their hero. So, the parent would be the other strongest function, and it has to be the opposite in judging or perceiving. And then, we know the opposite of external intuition, the parent, is internal sensing, because N changes to S, E changes to I, while staying as a perceiving function. And then, we flip the inferior from the hero. So, thinking becomes feeling, internal becomes external. So, we write that first as this eight-letter, which you only need the first half to figure it out, which is why for the agents, I just gave them the first two. And then, I don't know if I have the second slide here. So, what we do is we start with the I or the E. Which normally people would think of that as extrovert or introvert. Which usually that's true, but the way we define that today isn't the same as what it means in cognitive functions. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; So in this case we can see the hero function is an internal function. So that's I. And then the second is either N or S based on whether the strongest perceiving function is intuitive or sensing. In this case the parent is intuitive, so I N. And then T F is thinking or feeling is more natural, so T. Uh the P J is the most confusing one. P is for perceiving and J is for judging. And it's asking which of those is their strongest external function. So even though in this case their strongest function is T, so it's judging. It's internal, so we don't really care about that right now. We look at their second external intuition, so it's external perceiving. So P. And so that's how we get I N T P. So an I N T J on the other hand would be internal intuition, external thinking. Um and then internal feeling, external sensing. So they have completely different functions even though they're more cared they care a little more about the internal world at least naturally. They're both focused more on the intuitive world, they're both thinking, but they do that in totally different ways. &gt;&gt; Yeah, so explain that. Like if you were just just in I I've heard this a million times Tom and I still have a hard time following it. I don't know if you followed all of that. &gt;&gt; Uh barely. &gt;&gt; And and that's only to say how really rich the material is. Like the nuances and all of this that exists in just this simple, you know, well, it's an eight-letter code, but but these four groups. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; So, in &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; in just common language, simple terms, Tom and I have one letter different. How would you describe then the difference? One of us has the judging function, one of us has the perceiving function. How would you describe those differently? Like just How are we different? &gt;&gt; to to add to that, so how these two people, one's an INTJ, one's an INTP, tell us what they do or think similarly and what what do they do differently? So, without using any of these letters or any of this scientific language, pretend I'm stupid. That's easy. &gt;&gt; So, the same thing would be that they're very focused on sort of maybe what's going on in their heads. They're more likely to live in the clouds, um more likely to compare things to their own knowledge or experience. And so, these are the people that we commonly think of as introverts, not because they're quiet or socially awkward, but because they want more time to process and recharge. And then, they're both So, it goes a lot deeper than like I don't like social interactions because I'm an introvert both in the normal sense and in the cognitive function sense. Those have totally different meanings. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; And then, both intuitive, so caring less about the actual facts in front of them and more in what those facts could mean. &gt;&gt; Um and then, when you come to thinking, they're both going to put more value into what is logically correct. Not so much what do I care about this, what will other people care about this, but does this make sense? &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; And then, with the difference in perceiving or judging, that P or J, that just changes what part of that is external internal. So, when you look at the INTP, they're going to care about Yes, my What's my logical framework that I built for the world? How do I understand the world based on what is correct and incorrect? And then what possibilities can I come up with off of that? Whereas the INTJ is going to be looking at What is my framework of the implications of everything in this world and how the world works? Not so much whether it's right, but what underlying patterns there are? And then how can I put that logically into action in something I can do now to change the physical world. So, sort of that, you know, boss idea of What do we need to get done right now to make this happen? &gt;&gt; It's almost like Tom how I found like both of our curiosities for why, how, what. But you actually like try like I was more looking at the meaning of it and the understanding, but you actually like went to the application of why, how, what. To to to make sense of it, if that makes sense. &gt;&gt; And I said, "Yeah, this is This is the execution of the synthesis of all that. This is then what you do." I have a why, how, what framework called brand voice. Um It's interesting, too. One thing we didn't mention um with familiar I don't know if you're familiar with it um is the Kolbe, um which is another one of these. It It's very simple, but um it's designed to help teams interact with each other. Rooted in a lot of the same things, but uh when I was at my first agency, there was something called a fact finder. There was some And then on the opposite end of the fact finder was a I can't remember what it is. Um basically an action taker. And then So, my one partner what whenever it was presented with a challenge would forever like what information and then consider new possibilities and well what have we asked Mark what he thinks, you know, and the other person who takes the action my other partner was like we already know the answer. Why are we still deliberating this? And then my I was the third prototype or personality type called the moderator. This is going to come back to what Curtis just said. And the moderator which is I think a pretty uncommon profile has a ton of fact-finding, will not just jump to action, a lot of fact-finding, figuring out what it means, and then oh it's a quick start. So the person on this other side is a quick start. Then it's a quick start then turns into a quick start and says we're moving forward based on this. And let's not relitigate it and if you come back to me later and say hey did we ask what Mark said? Nope, we already made the decision. We're not going back and ask you what Mark thinks. We're going So it's like I was the moderator. So translate that into what you now know about me which is I'm an INTJ. &gt;&gt; Yeah, and that's interesting because in some ways I'm very similar INFJ. So we both have the same dominant function and that trying to find the underlying framework, but then I'm looking at more of how does this affect the people around me based on you know, the values we share and how does it compare to my internal logic framework? Whereas for you if you're an INTJ would be more of what can we logically do with it? And then what how does this affect my internal values and what I care about? And so to what you were saying like I would also spend ages on that like finding new information, thinking about it, refining it stage. I'm less likely to even get to the stage of doing something with it because to me it's more about the internal framework. And so I don't need to logically put it down into the world as long as it matters to me. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Which can be a weakness. Because then I, you know, have knowledge but don't want to do anything with it. And so, that's why it's so useful as now I know that about myself and I can challenge myself to do things like this where I'm actually forced to put that information into the real world, which is using my inferior function, sensing and interacting with the world around me. &gt;&gt; Fascinating. Well, let's We're in the home stretch here. So, experts, the two of you, wrap this up in apply it to the real world now as we're building AI, we're using agents, uh we're creating agents, but Curtis, you and I talked about I Was it last week? Or the week before? Whatever it was, about how important it is to create AI that's yours, that has your world view and has your processes built into it. And now we're talking about cognitive function needs to be built into it. So, who wants to go first, Curtis or Brooke? Like this to me sounds critical in the age of AI that if you're just like sort of not doing this work and you're asking Chat GPT with this long prompt every time to just execute something without this wiring, then who knows what you're going to get? Right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, Brooke, if you don't mind, I I'll share I'll share my screen in a moment here as as we start to to kind of wrap some things up. Um and I'll let you Maybe I'll we'll let Brooke have the final word here cuz she's &gt;&gt; Perfect. &gt;&gt; she's smarter than both of us. You can think about that final word here, Brooke. &gt;&gt; Obviously. &gt;&gt; Obviously. Yeah. Um talk about proud dad moment here. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um So, you know, how we how we apply this, right? So, here you're looking at, um you know, I have a bunch of agents here that are in, you know, Brooke mentioned a folder system. This is This is a folder system, which I showed in a previous uh watering hole that we did and shows um my team of of specialized agents here inside of Claude code. And I've an orchestrator that sits at the top that uh that orchestrator's job is to simply um load a specialized agent and load context based off of the question I'm asking it. So, it doesn't assume and just use the average of the internet with its response. So, if I'm asking for a copywriter, I have a very brief then load with context and reference files and those types of things for Cash, the copywriter, and then this uh personality profile that we just discussed, right? So, we've got ENFP, 2W3. This is short code Brooke, right? That this makes sense in here, but Does it &gt;&gt; Yeah, which one is this? &gt;&gt; Brooke helped me develop all of this, and then we just added some additional layers to it. Empathy first, structure second, SEO last, right? Cash is going to be writing some blog posts and different things. &gt;&gt; That's for sure. SEO last. &gt;&gt; with the SEO. We write for the for the audience first, right? So, I'm able to get all of this information in here very quickly without a ton of context because we're able to use the code and what makes my specialized agents actually special. What makes Dennis Rodman special over Michael Jordan, who's the greatest ever? Like, Michael Jordan cannot be Dennis Rodman. I don't want my copywriting agent to be like my you know, creative agent that's creating graphics. They're different. &gt;&gt; What's cool about that, too, is your orchestrator knows this. So, and I've done this. I've made the mistake. I said, "Hey, could you have Radley write some social media posts for this client?" The orchestrator said, "That Radley doesn't do that. Radley's a writer, but not the kind of writer you're talking about." And said, "Cash does this. Well, going to reroute this to cash. It's like, I barely even need to think anymore. I can just like just say, "Hey, Hemingway, do the work." And it'll know what he wants. Anyways, but I So, I've seen this in practice. It's amazing. It's so cool. And I didn't even know that all the times and the was built into it. &gt;&gt; It's the diversity of the work that you'd like to see in a human team environment, and that you get that diversity because of the way that those people see and perceive the world and make sense of the world internally, and that internal processing comes out in their work. Right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um and so, I I think it's just celebrating again our humanity and trying to take that in a constructive way and put it into AI, not to replace us, but I think to actually turn it into the tool that it hopefully can be for us. And And using our own sort of DNA in that process. And that's I mean, so what you mentioned worldview and those types of things, Tom, sitting above the personality is our values. Is &gt;&gt; Our values. &gt;&gt; Our values, right? As an organization, as individuals, those are imprinted into this at a top level, which means there are non-negotiables. There are things that not only that we want to accomplish, but that we refuse to do. That we will not compromise on. And so, that that sits a layer above this and then says, "Okay, now reason and perceive based off of those things with this specific question or prompt or whatever." So. So, yeah, Brooke, gave you some time to think about your closing there. Wrap us up. What do you think? &gt;&gt; I think I did think this &gt;&gt; message to, you know, anyone who's in AI or anyone who's, you know, yeah, even at your age, right? Trying to make sense of the world and trying to make sense of why things are the way they are and why people are the way they are. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; I think I mean this might just come from my cognitive functions, but if we only ever take the world at surface level, then we'll have a lot of difficulty translating that into something with greater meaning, translating that into our values, and what we're really trying to do at the heart of it all. And so it's so important to look deeper than what we're seeing right in front of us in the superficial things, and find a way to translate that deeper meaning into what matters to us, whether that's, you know, work or how you're trying to help other people, and bringing that into the values of even things like AI. And so cognitive functions can be invaluable for anyone who's trying to do that and trying to see, you know, what's the meaning behind this, what are we really doing, what do we really care about, and going into, you know, how you work with other people, how you work with yourself, and how you work with AI. It's just such a great tool for seeing those greater implications and the greater meaning and what we can really do with what God has given us right in front of us. &gt;&gt; Great. My my final thought, just an observation, as you were saying that, Brooke, it dawned on me that and what Curtis said, too, in a sense AI is replacing humans or at least replacing some of the work that humans have historically done until recently. Which means you need to create machines that have some sense of what it is to be a human, or you're taking all the humanity out of the work. So, if if you're outsourcing to an AI agent, make sure it has a head, a chest, and a gut, and make sure it knows what how it's supposed to process the world, make sense of the world, like you said, Brooke. That's the power. Anything short of that and it's just, you know, chat GPT run amok. It's the average of the internet. &gt;&gt; It's the average of the internet. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; 100%. &gt;&gt; Well, thank you, Brooke. &gt;&gt; Thank you, guys. &gt;&gt; coming on. Yeah. Well done. Best guest we've had this entire week. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; No, this is fascinating, Brooke. Appreciate it. You're whip smart on this stuff. So, bright future ahead. What are you going to do with your life now? Are you going to go into this professionally? &gt;&gt; I'm going into health coaching. So, a different kind of teaching. Most of what I do is teaching in all different ways. And but I'm very intent to bring this into whatever I do and use as a way to relate to people. &gt;&gt; Awesome. Good luck. All right, Curtis. Thank you for finding this this guest. I don't know how you did it. &gt;&gt; I I made her somehow. I was a part of that process. So. &gt;&gt; Yeah, this is back when we used to make humans. You made a human agent named Brooke. Thank you for that. Cool. Well, we'll see everyone on the next watering hole next Friday, 11:00 a.m. Eastern, I think. But we're going into a holiday weekend, so we might take that Friday off. But we'll be back. And then, of course, every other Tuesday you've got Bull Horns and Bull's Eyes with other distinguished guests who share their brilliance with us and the world. So, make sure you're subscribing to that. That's anywhere podcasts can be found. Look at our Substack, which is where we're having all of our fun conversations. And I guess we'll see you around the watering hole next time. How partner? &gt;&gt; See you soon. &gt;&gt; See you everyone.